## Introduction

Makers and hackers love to build a wide variety of projects. These creations may range from the fun, interesting, and weird, to the serious, practical, and useful. They may be intended for music creation, gaming, education, assistive technology, communications, holiday decoration, media streaming, puzzles, theatre props, and – well, the sky’s the limit! These wonderful projects are often made of electronic components, mechanical parts, motors, microcontrollers,  buttons, switches, dials, speakers, LEDs, keypads, batteries, displays, and even small embedded computers. Among this infinite, delightful variety, nearly all have one thing in common – once the prototyping is done, and the project is ready to be deployed and used, they need a case or enclosure to bring all of the elements together, to provide some protection, and even to give form and layout to their inputs and outputs. 

Given the variety and creativity of your projects, why settle for an off-the-shelf, generic project box, with holes drilled and cut into it, when you can build your own case that’s customised for your exact needs? With access to a laser cutter at your local hackerspace, or by using an online vendor such as Ponoko.com (which has local hubs in a number of regions), you can build exactly what you need to suit your project enclosure needs. 

The high precision and minimal kerf (the gap of material lost along a cut) of laser cutting means that you can build joints and features to accommodate your components with very tight tolerances. You can design your enclosure using free, open source vector drawing tools, such as Inkscape. There are also online, browser-based box generators such as makercase.com to get you started. 

Including components is easy. Add a proper circle to your design and you’ve got a perfect, press-fit opening for an arcade button!